I'm the one I'm telling you about the channel.
world.de and today I will bring a video as well
fast for you is is a synthesis that will be
it's worth it or do not install windows
phone 10 predicted windows mobile 10
predicted or simply windows 10 as well
in my first impressions video and
I talked about what I found of the system
so on my first impression
looking at some functions
had some change other is not little
something there some some applications
basic with giving one another not a thing
if you keep an unstable others are not well
by the way, do not you?
It's something that has changed so I think
It was kind of cool so the
files changed
the mobile phone's parent or the
It was changed not into each even likes
calculator has changed these
basic applications of the little thing
I even heard some comments talking
on windows 7 with a version 8.2 of the
Windows Phone 18.11 only yes I should
agree that it's kind of like 18.2 plus lonely
That's not right, and you had some changes.
really differing comes from 8.1
just that it's nothing so drastic and
we must remember that this is a
preview is still a first version of
if he predicted
or there is still a lot going on
to change
also remembering that the version of 512
could have all the functions of the version of
1 gig really is yes has some bugs
that blue screen sounds like the
Sometimes the phone stays a bit longer.
nerd gives a lock between something and
another only that is nothing so worrisome
as I said in my biggest concern
it was not being able to make a call only
since before he left in douz 10 already
I said that I would update a
the device because not only because I
I really wanted to see the version of windows 7
How was I going to show you all what
It would be the windows 10 to death I will
decide whether or not it is worth installing
windows phone 10 because I was testing
other functions and it was also a lack of
all the time with little time to record and
well what I can tell you is if
this is a preview
and it's just for rehearsal I do not know
preview is for people who create
applications and want to go pro explore
a windows 10 interface or not
It's for ordinary eyes and it already leaves
it clear that it would not be worth as good
install to a cd that unless it is
'insider or really an enthusiast who
It's my case I 'm not a creator of
application or anything do not create games in
nothing then I am an enthusiastic
I wanted to know the
new system this they have not changed here
in my case nor in common applications
which hurt what would have the mega scales
time has not changed here I do not know if in function
the size of my tels due to the
My party is 512 because it seems that
there were other videos days they changed to
Long plate that was if I'm not mistaken.
not the lumina 130 than a part which
really showed many kalume bugs
It's what I did not see in the 630's.
bugs even though I can say
really for you
worth installing on my
opinion a car talking to you in
My opinion is I do not think it's worth
worth installing if you are a regular user
if you only have this device yours
uses day-to-day basic functions
still there, I believe that
it does not pay so much for you to install on
wait for a new update
of windows 10 that is or wait
completely destabilize a version
end then yes you must install
otherwise I believe it is not
good you install windows 10
it's my opinion
unless you are an enthusiasm
just like the kaka is very curious to
to see windows is to install
happens uninstall already has a
application is that you can bring
back windows 10 for windows function
8.1 in case you are not many and watch
one to be an application creator of
'insider I do not see much advantage you
change pro windows 10 at the moment as
I said bugs and everything is not in Portuguese
things like that so I do not see much
Right now there are a lot of people going
install will want to come back however 28.11
will have but will have in common if
despair settled and not okay
getting back has got to come back yes
but well
It's my opinion I think at the moment
It's not the time for everyone yet.
install windows 10 on your device and
I think you'd better wait.
and install a full version
and or maybe a version comes out there
version best completed in a new
update reminding you when you left
An update I'll be bringing to
Who are you? I hope so.
You did not forget the video.
to comment on the advice found likes
social networks and well
you already installed
leave your comment and say what
did you find the new version of windows 10
beauty and that was it
Many thanks to everyone, sorry, delay.
imposed on videos
That was it, bye.